chuckling right and you're too late
Anand you give love a bad name
is what you sell your momís me ever then
put me through hey
got a hold on me
I'm pass shots up listen you can't break
me
we're loaded
there's no weed or
me
a fan
right
come on
there's a man
regularly wonderful
listen to that listen to that that was
wonderful and the tape triggers it was a
strictly never mind was set for anything
right that's lovely
what are we looking for in the past oh
bloody there it's a story of the
bullfight so the man is a matador the
lady acts as his cape you want fire and
passion and aggression throughout the
dance I'm going to tell you what you've
got to do you've got to prioritize
instead of mucking about doing that
bloomin cape stuff work on the dance you
were far better dancer than that
performance know the Shetty cape were
terrible why do you want to do all this
grippy stuff if you're back next week
come on the floor and do a proper dance
with stuff I can see not all that
ludicrous stuff oh trying to defend it
Brendan because you know all your that
one listen listen
and then go home and get on with it
because that was not as good as you are
as a dancer
well okay I say in the audience did
enjoy you were nothing you stride
tonight oh you were not in you stride
you messed it up a bit
I knew the costume okay but the Paso
Doble is like a feast strong flavor you
should attack it like a you haven't
eaten for a month and you were not
honored tonight
I absolutely well okay the first one you
know to support you - now you were off
the ball hold on then Craig I thought
you made brave choices Brendan with the
choreography and I think Kelly you are
an absolutely wicked dancer and I have
to say the reversal and all the bad
however I didn't think there was enough
storytelling for me
it was just a little bit disjointed and
it felt like you were dancing actually
by yourselves for yourselves
oh well well okay Holly and I
pledge actually I was going to say Kelly
you're short and sexy skirt
unfortunately expose some secrets so
with some ungainly leg lines Oh bent
knees on the attitude term been
supporting me and your jet a was very
weak now a longer skirt
disguised it they were exposed well
Kelly one we could pass it over you did
a fantastic we'll kill you the model
scores from the judges over to you too
you did actually want to talk about the
judges a but you didn't get a word in
with angry the thing was I mean and when
I first had the idea of using the Cape
and Brendan kind of said whoa it's
usually the guy that does it and so yeah
you're right I was being selfish in that
I wasn't thinking about the dance I was
just thinking about showing that girls
can you know the Matadors as well
because I did a lot of research so it
wasn't really a dance choice it was just
something - I didn't she's never been
done before so I should go back to see
what it's really like I felt okay to me
and I think she was brave to go out
there and do that no other slave you met
female has ever done it to healthy ones
ever done it before so just I was
terrified it makes that a comment that
about to score scores are in will the
judges please reveal their scores
Craig Revel Horwood 7 Arlene Phillips I
do better 7
Len Goodman turn and Bruno Tonioli
honey it's our ability now that is your
lowest score look in the competition so
far has appointed okay
yeah very disappointed however just
makes this plan you know kind of oh come
on exactly I mean you know you just
don't know you make do you make bold
choices and sometimes people love it and
sometimes people hate it you can't
please everyone